Two distinct forms of reproducibility

1. Offline certification replay in THIS package

   python3 verify.py

This reads saved rational witnesses and proves their finite inequalities,
checks their exact displayed bounds and snapshot comparisons, and checks the
separate n105 restricted theorem. It needs only ordinary Python 3.11+ standard
library. It creates verification-output/ without modifying proof inputs.
SHA256SUMS covers all static files except itself; generated output is outside
that manifest. Delete only generated output if a clean rerun is desired.

evidence/release-checks/ contains the local pre-archive certification receipt.
The final archive is also extracted into a new temporary directory and tested
using isolated Python (-I -S -B), with a Python audit hook denying networking,
subprocesses, and file reads outside the extraction and Python's standard
library. The original project is neither an import root nor a permitted read
root. The archive-specific verification receipt sits beside the archive in
release/, so it can bind the final archive digest without a circular hash.
The audit hook is a runtime test guard, not a claimed operating-system sandbox.

2. Retained continuation discovery replay, performed BEFORE this packaging

The original continuation completed a serial replay from source coordinates
through interval validation, independent-angle screening, contact solving,
blocking-contact/corner resolution, rational export and exact checking. Its
comparison receipt is evidence/discovery-replay/comparison.json and its
completion receipt is evidence/discovery-replay/completion.json. Both final
rational sides matched identically in that environment; the recorded serial
discovery replay took 252.38978344993666 seconds. This is retained campaign
evidence, not a discovery rerun performed by this release preparation.

Original project-relative instructions remain in
continuation/20261007T195726Z/REPRODUCE.txt and COMMANDS.txt; the original replay
runner is continuation/20261007T195726Z/src/replay_discovery.py. Scientific
dependencies and full discovery checkpoints are intentionally left in the
original project, not made dependencies of this compact certification package.
Floating gauge choices, tie breaking and timing can differ on other platforms.
The exact retained witnesses are the portable mathematical proof inputs.

Historical checker reports, source-interval reports and research diagnostics
are provenance/evidence. verify.py regenerates upper-bound and dual proof
reports; it does not silently promote saved numerical diagnostics, historical
source-validation reports, or a discovery receipt to a new external review.
